convert.rst, before:

Convert
==========

Convert.ToBool
----------------------
Converts an object into a boolean.

Convert.ToByte
----------------------
Converts an object into a byte.

Convert.ToChar
----------------------
Converts an object into a char.

Convert.ToDecimal
----------------------
Converts an object into a decimal.

Convert.ToDouble
----------------------
Converts an object into a double.

Convert.ToGlobalTime
----------------------
Converts an object into a GlobalTime.

Convert.ToInt16
----------------------
Converts an object into a 16-bit integer.

Convert.ToInt32
----------------------
Converts an object into a 32-bit integer.

Convert.ToInt64
----------------------
Converts an object into a 64-bit integer.

Convert.ToLocalTime
----------------------
Converts an object into a LocalTime.

Convert.ToSByte
----------------------
Converts an object into a signed byte.

Convert.ToSingle
----------------------

Convert.ToString
----------------------

Converts an object into a string

Convert.ToUInt16
----------------------
Converts an object into an unsigned 16-bit integer.

Convert.ToUInt32
----------------------
Converts an object into an unsigned 32-bit integer.

Convert.ToUInt64
----------------------
Converts an object into an unsigned 64-bit integer.

Commit message:

Added line under 'Convert.ToSingle'

convert.rst, after:

Convert
==========

All the Convert methods convert the input parameter into the specified data type and return it.

Convert.ToBool
----------------------
Converts an object into a boolean.

Convert.ToByte
----------------------
Converts an object into a byte.

Convert.ToChar
----------------------
Converts an object into a char.

Convert.ToDecimal
----------------------
Converts an object into a decimal.

Convert.ToDouble
----------------------
Converts an object into a double.

Convert.ToGlobalTime
----------------------
Converts an object into a GlobalTime.

Convert.ToInt16
----------------------
Converts an object into a 16-bit integer.

Convert.ToInt32
----------------------
Converts an object into a 32-bit integer.

Convert.ToInt64
----------------------
Converts an object into a 64-bit integer.

Convert.ToLocalTime
----------------------
Converts an object into a LocalTime.

Convert.ToSByte
----------------------
Converts an object into a signed byte.

Convert.ToSingle
----------------------
Converts an object into a single (single-precision floating-point number)

Convert.ToString
----------------------

Converts an object into a string

Convert.ToUInt16
----------------------
Converts an object into an unsigned 16-bit integer.

Convert.ToUInt32
----------------------
Converts an object into an unsigned 32-bit integer.

Convert.ToUInt64
----------------------
Converts an object into an unsigned 64-bit integer.
